DOC Describe our current branch naming conventions (#9310)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/05_Contributing/01_Code.md

### Picking the right version

The SilverStripe project follows the [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org) (SemVer) specification for releases. 
It clarifies what to expect from different releases, and also guides you in choosing the right branch to base your pull request on.

If you are unsure what branch your pull request should go to, consider asking in the GitHub issue that you address with your patch, or
simply choose the "default branch" of the repository where you want to contribute to. That would usually target the next minor release of the module.

If you are changing existing APIs, introducing new APIs or major new features,
please review our guidance on [supported versions](release_process#supported-versions).
You will need to choose the branch for your pull request accordingly.

> As we follow SemVer, we name the branches in repositories accordingly

Reviewer: I think "semantic versioning" might be better than semver

Author: @ScopeyNZ do you feel strong about it? your patch :)

### Picking the right version

The SilverStripe project follows the [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org) (SemVer) specification for releases. 
It clarifies what to expect from different releases, and also guides you in choosing the right branch to base your pull request on.

> Most pull requests should be based on the "major branch" which gets automatically chosen when creating a new pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most pull requests should be based on the "current major branch" which gets automatically chosen when creating a new pull request.
```

I think it's worth leaving in "default" too - as we should set the default branch to the "current major" in most cases.

Author: I'm thinking maybe it's worth removing this sentence altogether since it's quite situational and subjective. Does it actually bring much value to the documentation?

Reviewer 2: I'm ambivalent. I feel like 95% of contributors don't actually read this anyway. It's probably better to have some guidance around how to choose your base branch rather than saying "most are this"

Author: rewrote this paragraph, please review

> This ensures your code gets into the next minor release of the major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures your code gets into the next minor release of the current major version.
```

If you are changing existing APIs, introducing new APIs or major new features,
please review our guidance on [supported versions](release_process#supported-versions).
You will need to change the branch for your pull request accordingly.

> To follow semantic versioning scheme we name the branches in repositories accordingly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As we follow SemVer, we name the branches in repositories accordingly
```
